fix: angular native events vs. custom events (#1657)
BuilderIO/mitosis: .changeset/polite-pugs-pull.md

---
'@builder.io/mitosis': patch
---

[angular]: Fix issue with events forced to become `toLowerCase()`.

Based on [choosing-event-names](https://angular.dev/guide/components/outputs#choosing-event-names) custom events are camelCase. 
[DOM events](https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/dom_obj_event.asp) are always lower-cased for Angular components.

> Checkout [event-handlers.ts](https://github.com/BuilderIO/mitosis/blob/main/packages/core/src/helpers/event-handlers.ts) to see all events which are automatically lower-cased everything else will be camelCase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout [event-handlers.ts](https://github.com/BuilderIO/mitosis/blob/main/packages/core/src/helpers/event-handlers.ts) for a list of all events that are automatically lower-cased. Everything else will be treated as a custom event and therefore camelCased.
```
